Update dev instructions to use prek (#1096)
napari/docs: docs/developers/contributing/dev_install.md

   included with the typical end-user `napari[all]` installation.
   ```

1. We use [`prek`](https://prek.j178.dev/) to format and lint code. 
   The `prek` is rust implementation of [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/)
   and is faster than the python implementation.
   Full list of used hooks can be found in pre-commit configuration file 
   [`.pre-commit-config.yaml`](https://github.com/napari/napari/blob/main/.pre-commit-config.yaml)
   in the root of the repository.
   The most important hooks are formatting with
   [`ruff-format`](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/formatter/) and lint with
   [`ruff-check`](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/linter/).
   To enable it to be executed on creation of every commit, reduce CI usage and reduce the number of test errors,

>    install `prek` as pre-comit hood by running the following command in your environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   install `prek` as pre-commit hook by running the following command in your environment:
```

   comment along with the specific error code (e.g. `import sys  # noqa: E402`) but
   please do not ignore errors lightly.

   ```{note}

>    To run `prek` manually, without creating a commit, you can run `prek run --all-files`.

Reviewer: is `all-files` the correct thing here? Unless I've been using `-a` incorrectly, this lints the entire repo, causing many files to be diffed.

Author: `-a` is shorter form of `--all-files`. 

One could just run `prek run` but then it only checks files staged for commit. 
And as we keep pre-commit on the whole repo, then `prek run --all-files` should report problems only in user changed files.

Reviewer: I made napari/napari#9359 to address my confusion. It was line ending shenanigans cuasing all the .py files to get changed by ruff to LF (locally on windows).
